refactorig(7.12 getting started tutorial) - updates to new 2021.1 release and improvements (#1377)
bonitasoft/bonita-doc: md/define-business-data-model.md

> The Bonita platform provides a means to define, manipulate and store your business data. This data management service will create Java objects to allow data manipulation, database tables for storage, and all operations required to get the data from your process into the database and vice versa.

Reviewer: title: "Define the Business Data Model (BDM)"

Reviewer: I think this is the perfect moment to emphasize the fact that in Bonita, data creation, update and deletion can ONLY be done through the process, and not directly from the UIs to the database.

Data management involves several steps:
- Create the [Business Data Model (BDM)](define-and-deploy-the-bdm.md). This is the definition of the types of data you will deal with in your processes and applications.
- Declare [business variables](specify-data-in-a-process-definition#toc4) in the process definition. Variables are used to make the link between your process definition and the data it needs to create, read, update, and delete. Data can be created as part of process execution (on start or on a task) but processes can also read and update data created by other processes and of course can choose to delete data.

> - Define process and task [contracts](contracts-and-contexts.md). Contracts define the information process accepts from the user submitting the form.

Reviewer: IT's two ways: what the process accepts, but also what it needs. If what is provided is not enough, it will not execute.

> In this chapter we will focus on the creation of the Business Data Model (BDM) only. Declaration of business variables is part of the next chapter. 

Reviewer: We should tell about contracts too

You can read the chapter about [data handling](data-handling-overview.md) for more information on data management. 

In Bonita Studio, create a BDM:

> 1. Go to **Development > Business Data Model > Define...** menu

Reviewer: We should more and more push to use the project explorer right click options.

Reviewer: row 18 and following + git: all command names have changed with the BDM editor now: there is no more "Add"

Reviewer: row 28: there is no more Finish button to click at the end.

Reviewer: row 31: "If the **mandatory** option is not checked, it means that an object can be created with an empty value, for the attribute "not mandatory" (i.e. optional)". seems a little redundant to me.
"and doing so will be mandatory (but this will not be enforced by BDM definition)." I do not understand.

Reviewer: We also need to say that deploying the BDM is mandatory before running a process. Otherwise, the variables cannot be instantiated. When you edit and save the BDM, you get a notification at the bottom right of the screen + if you look at the project explorer, you get a "deployment required" reminder.
row 34 : there is no more checkbox to clean the data. When you want to clean the database, instead of "deploy", you need to click on "clean deploy".

Reviewer: row 39: this needs to be rewritten to explain that this happens when the BDM is deployed thanks to the Deploy or Clean deploy buttons.

Reviewer: row 46: why "business data management model" and not "business data model"?

::: info

> Bonita Studio uses h2 to provide the database for testing. (We recommend you to use other types of databases such as Oracle, PostgreSQL, MySQL and SQL Server for production). Bonita Studio provides two database schemas: one for the Bonita Engine and one dedicated to BDM. 

Reviewer: We can remove the brackets here. This is a very important statement. We do not just recommend, this is mandatory. And it is possible to configure two different databases for the described usages.

Reviewer: Bonita Engine is used like a "nom propre": no "the" before. Well, we try to stay consistent on this one. Not always successful though. Idem with Bonita Platform, Bonita Portal, Bonita Studio, Bonita UI Designer.

> You can view the tables created in the h2 BDM database by clicking in the Bonita Studio menu on **Development > Business Data Model > Browse data (h2 console)...**. In the h2 console (a web interface) you can see that a table named "CLAIM" was created. You can run an SQL query such as `SELECT * FROM CLAIM` which should return an empty result as there is no data yet.  

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can view the tables created in the h2 BDM database by clicking on **Development > Business Data Model > Browse data (h2 console)...**. In the h2 console (a web interface) you can see that a table named "CLAIM" was created. You can run an SQL query such as `SELECT * FROM CLAIM` which should return an empty result as there is no data yet.  
```

Reviewer: Everytime we talk about a menu option, we should tell about the same action in the project explorer.

> You can also [explore the BDM database schema](data-management#toc0) by clicking in the Bonita Studio menu on **Development > Business Data Model > Explore model (GraphQL voyager)...**. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can also [graphically explore the BDM database schema](data-management#toc0) by clicking on **Development > Business Data Model > Explore model (GraphQL voyager)...**. 
```
